Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao
Xiao Xiao
How have you been?
Let mom see
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Mom, how did you get in?
Of course it was my kindness to reunite you mother and son
Why is it so smelly?
This guy didn't pull it inside, did he?
Aggrieved, my family is red
Hey, be patient, it'll be fine soon.
I'll take you to a good place later
Keep that fluttering fairy
Mr. Lu, you are so bad
Eat fire meat
What exactly do you want to do?
What else could we do?
Of course, I sent your family
Don't say
The environment here is quite suitable for you, isn't it?
What's coming at me?
Are you kidding me?
Zhou Xiao, I advise you
Or just stay here
Enjoy the treatment here
No no mom no
I beg you.
As long as you can imagine
Let me do anything, please
Is it okay to do anything?
Then get up and don't beg him.
Then I'll think about it.
Boy, your mother is so pitiful
Mom?
Queen Chen is cowardly
I won't let you go
I will never let you go